Initial future work (#77)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/futureWork.tex

\section{Future Work}\label{sec:future_work}
Due to the promising results provided by the modified pachinko model, investigating this model further might be beneficial to incorporating meta-data into topic models.
However, testing these model on multiple datasets, needed to be accounted for, since the generalizability of these models is not explored within this paper.

> using word embedding to further improve the performance of models can also be viewed as the next step for this project, since a wide number of papers are using this technique to improve topic modeling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using word embedding to further improve the performance of models can also be viewed as the next step for this project, since a wide number of papers are using this technique to improve topic modeling.

```

\section{Future Work}\label{sec:future_work}

> Due to the promising results provided by the modified pachinko model, investigating this model further might be beneficial to incorporating meta-data into topic models.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Due to the promising results provided by the modified pachinko model, investigating this model further might be beneficial to incorporating metadata into topic models.
```

> However, testing these model on multiple datasets, needed to be accounted for, since the generalizability of these models is not explored within this paper.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, testing these models on multiple datasets needs to be accounted for since the generalizability of these models is not explored within this paper.
```

> Using word embedding to further improve the performance of models can also be viewed as the next step for this project, since a wide number of papers are using this technique to improve topic modeling.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using word embedding to further improve the performance of models can also be viewed as a possible next step for this project since a wide number of papers are using this technique to improve topic modeling.
```
Også muligvis \cite et par artikler i slutningen af sætningen, da vi ikke snakker meget om embedding i artiklen.

> Using these models at Nordjyske, would also be very interesting to see, how we could incorporate them into a existing IT infrastructure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It would also be interesting to see how we could incorporate these models into an existing IT infrastructure at Nordjyske.
```

> The next step in that process, would be to investigate which part of their infrastructure could benefit from the use of topic modeling, whether it is recommendation or automatic tagging of articles. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The next step in that process would be to investigate which part of their infrastructure could benefit from the use of topic modeling, whether it is for recommendation or automatic tagging of articles. 
```

> We have written about a few potential use cases for our project in \ref{sec:appendix_applications} in the Appendix. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have written about a few potential use cases of our project in \ref{sec:appendix_applications} in the Appendix. 
```
